c:\users\lebeaaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmCross.MultiLine\MvvmCross.MultiLine.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\MvvmCrossMultiLineiOS.exe
c:\users\lebeaaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmCross.MultiLine\MvvmCross.MultiLine.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\MvvmCrossMultiLineiOS.pdb
c:\users\lebeaaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmCross.MultiLine\MvvmCross.MultiLine.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\MvvmCross.Binding.dll
c:\users\lebeaaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmCross.MultiLine\MvvmCross.MultiLine.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\MvvmCross.Binding.iOS.dll
c:\users\lebeaaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmCross.MultiLine\MvvmCross.MultiLine.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\MvvmCross.Core.dll
c:\users\lebeaaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmCross.MultiLine\MvvmCross.MultiLine.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\MvvmCross.iOS.dll
c:\users\lebeaaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmCross.MultiLine\MvvmCross.MultiLine.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\MvvmCross.Localization.dll
c:\users\lebeaaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmCross.MultiLine\MvvmCross.MultiLine.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\MvvmCross.MultiLine.Core.dll
c:\users\lebeaaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmCross.MultiLine\MvvmCross.MultiLine.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\MvvmCross.Platform.dll
c:\users\lebeaaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmCross.MultiLine\MvvmCross.MultiLine.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\MvvmCross.Platform.iOS.dll
c:\users\lebeaaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmCross.MultiLine\MvvmCross.MultiLine.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\MvvmCross.Plugins.Color.dll
c:\users\lebeaaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmCross.MultiLine\MvvmCross.MultiLine.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\MvvmCross.Plugins.Color.iOS.dll
c:\users\lebeaaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmCross.MultiLine\MvvmCross.MultiLine.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\MvvmCross.Plugins.File.dll
c:\users\lebeaaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmCross.MultiLine\MvvmCross.MultiLine.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\MvvmCross.Plugins.File.iOS.dll
c:\users\lebeaaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmCross.MultiLine\MvvmCross.MultiLine.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\MvvmCross.Plugins.Json.dll
c:\users\lebeaaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmCross.MultiLine\MvvmCross.MultiLine.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\MvvmCross.Plugins.Location.dll
c:\users\lebeaaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmCross.MultiLine\MvvmCross.MultiLine.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\MvvmCross.Plugins.Location.iOS.dll
c:\users\lebeaaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmCross.MultiLine\MvvmCross.MultiLine.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\MvvmCross.Plugins.Network.dll
c:\users\lebeaaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmCross.MultiLine\MvvmCross.MultiLine.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\MvvmCross.Plugins.Network.iOS.dll
c:\users\lebeaaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmCross.MultiLine\MvvmCross.MultiLine.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\MvvmCross.Plugins.ResourceLoader.dll
c:\users\lebeaaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmCross.MultiLine\MvvmCross.MultiLine.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\MvvmCross.Plugins.ResourceLoader.iOS.dll
c:\users\lebeaaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmCross.MultiLine\MvvmCross.MultiLine.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\lebeaaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmCross.MultiLine\MvvmCross.MultiLine.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\MvvmCross.MultiLine.Core.pdb
c:\users\lebeaaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmCross.MultiLine\MvvmCross.MultiLine.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\MvvmCross.Binding.dll.mdb
c:\users\lebeaaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmCross.MultiLine\MvvmCross.MultiLine.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\MvvmCross.Binding.iOS.dll.mdb
c:\users\lebeaaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmCross.MultiLine\MvvmCross.MultiLine.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\MvvmCross.iOS.dll.mdb
c:\users\lebeaaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmCross.MultiLine\MvvmCross.MultiLine.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\MvvmCross.Localization.dll.mdb
c:\users\lebeaaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmCross.MultiLine\MvvmCross.MultiLine.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\MvvmCross.Platform.dll.mdb
c:\users\lebeaaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmCross.MultiLine\MvvmCross.MultiLine.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\MvvmCross.Platform.iOS.dll.mdb
c:\users\lebeaaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmCross.MultiLine\MvvmCross.MultiLine.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\MvvmCross.Plugins.Color.dll.mdb
c:\users\lebeaaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmCross.MultiLine\MvvmCross.MultiLine.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\MvvmCross.Plugins.File.dll.mdb
c:\users\lebeaaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmCross.MultiLine\MvvmCross.MultiLine.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\MvvmCross.Plugins.Location.dll.mdb
c:\users\lebeaaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmCross.MultiLine\MvvmCross.MultiLine.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\MvvmCross.Plugins.Network.dll.mdb
c:\users\lebeaaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmCross.MultiLine\MvvmCross.MultiLine.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\lebeaaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmCross.MultiLine\MvvmCross.MultiLine.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\ibtool\LaunchScreen.nib
c:\users\lebeaaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmCross.MultiLine\MvvmCross.MultiLine.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\ibtool\_BundleResourceWithLogicalName.items
c:\users\lebeaaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmCross.MultiLine\MvvmCross.MultiLine.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\actool\_PartialAppManifest.items
c:\users\lebeaaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmCross.MultiLine\MvvmCross.MultiLine.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\actool\_BundleResourceWithLogicalName.items
c:\users\lebeaaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmCross.MultiLine\MvvmCross.MultiLine.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\optimized\
c:\users\lebeaaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmCross.MultiLine\MvvmCross.MultiLine.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\optimized\Entitlements.plist
c:\users\lebeaaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmCross.MultiLine\MvvmCross.MultiLine.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\MvvmCross.MultiLine.iOS.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lebeaaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmCross.MultiLine\MvvmCross.MultiLine.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\MvvmCrossMultiLineiOS.exe
c:\users\lebeaaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmCross.MultiLine\MvvmCross.MultiLine.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\MvvmCrossMultiLineiOS.pdb
c:\users\lebeaaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmCross.MultiLine\MvvmCross.MultiLine.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\MvvmCrossMultiLineiOS.exe.mdb
c:\users\lebeaaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmCross.MultiLine\MvvmCross.MultiLine.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\MvvmCrossMultiLineiOS.exe.mdb
